# Classbased Components:
- import React from "react"; // This imports the React Class from "react"
- Normal javascript class extends React.Component
- Class has render() method:
    - That returns some piece of JSX

# Props:
- In class based components, constructor will recieve the props.
- We also have to do super(props)
- Eg.

- class MyComponent extends React.Component {
-     constructor(props) {
-         super(props);
- 
-         // Now the props are accessible to us
-     }
- }

# Reason for compulsary usage of this keyword in constructor:
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31067368/how-to-extend-a-class-without-having-to-use-super-in-es6
- 
- The rules for ES2015 (ES6) classes basically come down to:
- 
- In a child class constructor, this cannot be used until super is called.
- ES6 class constructors MUST call super if they are subclasses, or they must explicitly return some object to take the place of the one that was not initialized.
- 
- This comes down to two important sections of the ES2015 spec.
- 
- Section 8.1.1.3.4 defines the logic to decide what this is in the function. The important part for classes is that it is possible for this be in an "uninitialized" state, and when in this state, attempting to use this will throw an exception.
- 
- Section 9.2.2, [[Construct]], which defines the behavior of functions called via new or super. When calling a base class constructor, this is initialized at step #8 of [[Construct]], but for all other cases, this is uninitialized. At the end of construction, GetThisBinding is called, so if super has not been called yet (thus initializing this), or an explicit replacement object was not returned, the final line of the constructor call will throw an exception.
- 