# componentDidMount():
- This method is called after the component has been mounted.
- So the flow will be:
    - constructor of the class
    - render function of the class
    - componentDidMount()
- One of the important use cases of this method is that it is used to call "API".
- we can make this function as async.
- Like: async componentDidMount()

# componentDidUpdate():
- This method is called when after the component has been updated.
- Like when api is called and the component is to be filled with the data.
- Hierarchy will be:
    - In the updating cycle:
    - render() function
    - Component updated successfully
    - componentDidUpdate() function

- In functional component, if we want our useEffect to be called after a variable changes, we directly use the dependency array and put the variable in it. Suppose we want to do something like that in class based component:
componentDidUpdate(prevProps, prevState) {
    if(this.prevState.count !== this.state.count) {
        // do anything
    }
}

# componentWillUnmount():
- This method is called when the component is unmounting i.e., when we move to a new page
- This method is used for clean up.
- For instance: setInterval will not stop even if we move to another project
- For revision: watch namaste react ep. 8, last 30 mins

- NOTe: In functional components also, setInterval will not stop.
- So how to stop it?

- useEffect() {
    setInterval(() => {
        console.log("React OP");
    });


    // this function is called when we are unmounting the component
    return () => {

    }
}